feat: use nix for image/package build and remove rust (#951)
fkie-cad/Logprep: CHANGELOG.md

* centralize trivy cache across branches using a daily workflow
* fix vulnerable python dependencies
* add .editorconfig for python

> * add flake.nix and change container building to nix build aswell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add flake.nix and change container building to nix build as well
```

> * add flake.nix and change container building to nix build as well

Reviewer: remove rust
